In this module I want to dive into a very important aspect of building web applications, backend applications
like the one we're building.
We want to follow a certain pattern for structuring our code
and with that, I don't really just mean how we split it over files or how we write the code but I mean
how we logically separate our code and the different functions it fulfills or the different things it
does.
We'll dive into the MVC pattern and you'll understand in this module what this actually is and how we
can add it in our project
and of course we'll not just add it to the existing project but we'll also advance our project to get
closer to that online shop we're building.